you told me the story of the war when
the ground shook in the sky burn
of the ones that survived
who will walk to a different world where
the powerful prey on me but that's not
the way it has to be when I found you
you're very human brain was miraculously
impacted it's the loneliest feeling not
to know who you are in time you'll
remember
[Music]
Oh
Alito's doing here it's harsh world down
here that'll be willing to do what it
takes
I need that run
[Music]
Mika's she's the last of a kind
she contains technology that have been
lost for 300 years
let me show you something
[Music]
this body I feel a connection to it I
can't explain you know more about me
than you're saying if he does some
things have been in lift forgotten and
I'll find out for myself
she's threatening the natural order of
things I need you to destroy her a
leader they will come for you
[Music]
I'm with her
you